docs: Added revised version of the quick start guide (#25760)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/quick-start.md

```sh
mkdir my-electron-app && cd my-electron-app
npm init -y
npm i --save-dev electron
```

#### Create the main script file

The main script specifies the entry point of your Electron application (in our case, the `main.js` file) that will run the Main process. Typically, the script that runs in the Main process controls the lifecycle of the application, displays the graphical user interface and its elements, performs native operating system interactions, and creates Renderer processes within web pages. An Electron application can have only one Main process.

The main script may look as follows:

```js
const { app, BrowserWindow } = require('electron')

function createWindow () {
  const win = new BrowserWindow({
    width: 800,
    height: 600,
    webPreferences: {
      nodeIntegration: true
    }
  })

  win.loadFile('index.html')
  win.webContents.openDevTools()
}

app.whenReady().then(createWindow)

app.on('window-all-closed', () => {
  if (process.platform !== 'darwin') {
    app.quit()
  }
})

app.on('activate', () => {
  if (BrowserWindow.getAllWindows().length === 0) {
    createWindow()
  }
})
```

##### What is going on above?

> 1. Line 1: First, you import `app` and `BrowserWindow` modules of the `electron` package to be able to manage your application's lifecycle events as well as create and control browser windows.

Author: Numbered list with all the `1.` at the beginning is not a mistake - Markdown parses these lists correctly. However, to mitigate potential incompatibilities it is better to 'hardcode' the numbers

> 1. Line 1: First, you import `app` and `BrowserWindow` modules of the `electron` package to be able to manage your application's lifecycle events as well as create and control browser windows.

Author: It is hard to tell how this list will behave without local docs preview functionality

1. Line 3: After that, you define a function that creates a [new browser window](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/api/browser-window#new-browserwindowoptions) with node integration enabled, loads `index.html` file into this window (line 12, we will discuss the file later) and opens Developer Tools (line 13).
1. Line 16: You create a new browser window by invoking the `createWindow` function once the Electron application [is initialized](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/api/app#appwhenready).

> 1. Line 18: You add a new listener that tries to quit the application after the last window is closed. This listener ignores MacOS as it has a dedicated keyboard shortcut to quit the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Line 18: You add a new listener that tries to quit the application when it no longer has any open windows. This listener is a no-op on macOS due to the operating system's [window management behavior](https://support.apple.com/en-ca/guide/mac-help/mchlp2469/mac). 
```

1. Line 24: You add a new listener that creates a new browser window only if when the application has no visible windows after being activated. For example, after launching the application for the first time, or re-launching the already running application.

#### Create a web page

> This is the web page you want to display once the application is initialized. This web page represents the Renderer process. There can be multiple browser windows where each window uses its independent process. Each window can optionally be granted with full access to Node.js API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the web page you want to display once the application is initialized. This web page represents the Renderer process. You can create multiple browser windows, where each window uses its own independent Renderer. Each window can optionally be granted with full access to Node.js API through the `nodeIntegration` preference.
```

The `index.html` page looks as follows:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>Hello World!</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy" content="script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline';" />
</head>
<body>
    <h1>Hello World!</h1>
    We are using node <script>document.write(process.versions.node)</script>,
    Chrome <script>document.write(process.versions.chrome)</script>,
    and Electron <script>document.write(process.versions.electron)</script>.
</body>
</html>
```

> #### Modify package.json file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Modify your package.json file
```

Your Electron application uses the `package.json` file as the main entry point (as any other Node.js application). The main script of your application is `main.js`, so modify the `package.json` file accordingly:

```json
{
    "name": "my-electron-app",
    "version": "0.1.0",
    "main": "main.js"
}
```

> > NOTE: If the `main` field is omitted, Electron will attempt to load an `index.js` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: If the `main` field is omitted, Electron will attempt to load an `index.js` file from the directory containing `package.json`.
```

> By default, the `npm start` command runs the main script with Node.js. You need to change it to Electron as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `npm start` command will run the main script with Node.js. To run the script with Electron, you need to change it as such:
```

```json
{
    "name": "my-electron-app",
    "version": "0.1.0",
    "main": "main.js",
    "scripts": {
        "start": "electron ."
    }
}
```

#### Run your application

```sh
npm start
```

Your running Electron app should look as follows:

![Simplest Electron app](../images/simplest-electron-app.png)

### Package and distribute the application

The simplest and the fastest way to distribute your newly created app is using

> Electron Forge.

Reviewer: Add link to Forge website or repository

    > electron-forge make

    ✔ Checking your system
    ✔ Resolving Forge Config
    We need to package your application before we can make it
    ✔ Preparing to Package Application for arch: x64
    ✔ Preparing native dependencies
    ✔ Packaging Application
    Making for the following targets: zip
    ✔ Making for target: zip - On platform: darwin - For arch: x64
    ```

    Electron-forge creates the `out` folder where your package will be located:

    ```plain
    // Example for MacOS
    out/
    ├── out/make/zip/darwin/x64/my-electron-app-darwin-x64-1.0.0.zip
    ├── ...
    └── out/my-electron-app-darwin-x64/my-electron-app.app/Contents/MacOS/my-electron-app
    ```

[node-download]: https://nodejs.org/en/download/

## Learning the basics

This section guides you through the basics of how Electron works under the hood. It aims at strengthening knowledge about Electron and the application created earlier in the Quickstart section.

### Application architecture

Electron consists of three main pillars:

* **Chromium** for displaying web content.
* **Node.js** for working with the local filesystem and the operating system.

> * **Custom APIs** for working with often-needed OS's native functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Custom APIs** for working with often-needed OS native functions.
```

Developing an application with Electron is like building a Node.js app with a web interface or building web pages with seamless Node.js integration.

#### Main and Renderer Processes

As it was mentioned before, Electron has two types of processes: Main and Renderer.

* The Main process **creates** web pages by creating `BrowserWindow` instances. Each `BrowserWindow` instance runs the web page in its Renderer process. When a `BrowserWindow` instance is destroyed, the corresponding Renderer process gets terminated as well.
* The Main process **manages** all web pages and their corresponding Renderer processes.

----

* The Renderer process **manages** only the corresponding web page. A crash in one Renderer process does not affect other Renderer processes.
* The Renderer process **communicates** with the Main process via IPC to perform GUI operations in a web page. Calling native GUI-related APIs from the Renderer process directly is restricted due to security concerns and potential resource leakage.

----

> The communication between processes is possible via Inter-Process Communication (IPC) modules: `ipcMain` and `ipcRenderer`.

Reviewer: Maybe link the IPC Main/Renderer docs for each here.

#### APIs

##### Electron API

> Electron APIs are assigned based on the process type. It means that some of the methods can be used from the Main or Renderer processes respectively or both. API documentation indicates the process a particular API method can be used from.

Reviewer: Process-specific functionality in Electron is typically delineated per module rather than method.

```suggestion
Electron APIs are assigned based on the process type, meaning that some modules can be used from either the Main or Renderer process, and some from both. Electron's API documentation indicates which process each module can be used from.
```

> For example, to access Electron API in both processes, require its included module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to access the Electron API in both processes, require its included module:
```

```js
const electron = require('electron')
```

> To create a window, call the `BrowserWindow` class which is only available in the Main process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a window, call the `BrowserWindow` class, which is only available in the Main process:
```

```js
const { BrowserWindow } = require('electron')
const win = new BrowserWindow()
```

To call the Main process from the Renderer, use the IPC module:

```js
// In the Main process
const { ipcMain } = require('electron')

ipcMain.handle('perform-action', (event, ...args) => {
  // ... do actions on behalf of the Renderer
})
```

```js
// In the Renderer process
const { ipcRenderer } = require('electron')

ipcRenderer.invoke('perform-action', ...args)
```

> > NOTE: Because the Renderer processes may run untrusted code (especially from third parties), it is important to carefully validate the requests that come to the Main process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Because Renderer processes may run untrusted code (especially from third parties), it is important to carefully validate the requests that come to the Main process.
```

##### Node.js API

> Electron exposes full access to Node.js API and its modules both in the Main and the Renderer processes. For example, you can read all the files from the root directory:

Reviewer: We should add another note here about `nodeIntegration` being required for this.

```js
const fs = require('fs')

const root = fs.readdirSync('/')

console.log(root)
```

To use a Node.js module, you first need to install it as a dependency:

```sh
npm install --save aws-sdk
```

> Then, in your Electron application, require this module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, in your Electron application, require the module:
```

----

> The communication between processes is possible via Inter-Process Communication (IPC) modules: [`ipcMain`](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/api/ipc-main) and [`ipcRenderer`](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/api/ipc-renderer).

Reviewer: Prefer to link `.md` files directly over website URLs.

##### Node.js API

> > NOTE: To provide full access to Node.js API, you need to set the `nodeIntegration` preference to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: To access the Node.js API from the Renderer process, you need to set the `nodeIntegration` preference to `true`.
```
